README.md, before:

# CoreOS Metadata

This is a small utility, typically used in conjunction with [Ignition][ignition], which reads metadata from a given cloud-provider and applies it to the system. This can include adding SSH keys and writing cloud-specific attributes into an environment file. This file can then be consumed by systemd service units via `EnvironmentFile=`.

## Support

The supported cloud providers and their respective metadata are as follows:

  - azure
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_AZURE_IPV4_DYNAMIC
      - COREOS_AZURE_IPV4_VIRTUAL
  - cloudstack-configdrive
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_SERVICE_OFFERING
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_CLOUD_IDENTIFIER
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_VM_ID
  - cloudstack-metadata
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_CLOUD_IDENTIFIER
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_IPV4_LOCAL
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_IPV4_PUBLIC
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_PUBLIC_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_SERVICE_OFFERING
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_VM_ID
  - digitalocean
    - SSH Keys
    - Network Configs
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV4_ANCHOR_0
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV4_PUBLIC_0
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV4_PRIVATE_0
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV6_PUBLIC_0
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV6_PRIVATE_0
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_REGION
  - ec2
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_EC2_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_EC2_IPV4_LOCAL
      - COREOS_EC2_IPV4_PUBLIC
      - COREOS_EC2_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
      - COREOS_EC2_INSTANCE_ID
      - COREOS_EC2_REGION
  - gce
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_GCE_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_GCE_IP_EXTERNAL_0
      - COREOS_GCE_IP_LOCAL_0
  - openstack-metadata
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_OPENSTACK_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_OPENSTACK_IPV4_LOCAL
      - COREOS_OPENSTACK_IPV4_PUBLIC
      - COREOS_OPENSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
  - oracle-oci
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_ORACLE_OCI_DISPLAY_NAME
      - COREOS_ORACLE_OCI_INSTANCE_ID
      - COREOS_ORACLE_OCI_REGION
  - packet
    - SSH Keys
    - Network Configs
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_PACKET_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_PACKET_IPV4_PUBLIC_0
      - COREOS_PACKET_IPV4_PRIVATE_0
      - COREOS_PACKET_IPV6_PUBLIC_0
  - vagrant-virtualbox
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_VAGRANT_VIRTUALBOX_PRIVATE_IPV4
      - COREOS_VAGRANT_VIRTUALBOX_HOSTNAME

[ignition]: https://github.com/coreos/ignition

Commit message:

docs/readme: mention custom metadata attributes
This updates the README to mention the customary runtime path for the
environment file, and to specify the reserved attributes for external
usage by custom metadata providers.

README.md, after:

# CoreOS Metadata

This is a small utility, typically used in conjunction with [Ignition][ignition], which reads metadata from a given cloud-provider and applies it to the system.
This can include adding SSH keys and writing cloud-specific attributes into an environment file (e.g. `/run/metadata/coreos`), which can then be consumed by systemd service units via `EnvironmentFile=`.

## Support

The supported cloud providers and their respective metadata are as follows:

  - azure
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_AZURE_IPV4_DYNAMIC
      - COREOS_AZURE_IPV4_VIRTUAL
  - cloudstack-configdrive
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_SERVICE_OFFERING
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_CLOUD_IDENTIFIER
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_VM_ID
  - cloudstack-metadata
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_CLOUD_IDENTIFIER
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_IPV4_LOCAL
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_IPV4_PUBLIC
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_PUBLIC_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_SERVICE_OFFERING
      - COREOS_CLOUDSTACK_VM_ID
  - digitalocean
    - SSH Keys
    - Network Configs
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV4_ANCHOR_0
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV4_PUBLIC_0
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV4_PRIVATE_0
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV6_PUBLIC_0
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV6_PRIVATE_0
      - COREOS_DIGITALOCEAN_REGION
  - ec2
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_EC2_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_EC2_IPV4_LOCAL
      - COREOS_EC2_IPV4_PUBLIC
      - COREOS_EC2_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
      - COREOS_EC2_INSTANCE_ID
      - COREOS_EC2_REGION
  - gce
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_GCE_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_GCE_IP_EXTERNAL_0
      - COREOS_GCE_IP_LOCAL_0
  - openstack-metadata
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_OPENSTACK_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_OPENSTACK_IPV4_LOCAL
      - COREOS_OPENSTACK_IPV4_PUBLIC
      - COREOS_OPENSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
  - oracle-oci
    - SSH Keys
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_ORACLE_OCI_DISPLAY_NAME
      - COREOS_ORACLE_OCI_INSTANCE_ID
      - COREOS_ORACLE_OCI_REGION
  - packet
    - SSH Keys
    - Network Configs
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_PACKET_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_PACKET_IPV4_PUBLIC_0
      - COREOS_PACKET_IPV4_PRIVATE_0
      - COREOS_PACKET_IPV6_PUBLIC_0
  - vagrant-virtualbox
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_VAGRANT_VIRTUALBOX_PRIVATE_IPV4
      - COREOS_VAGRANT_VIRTUALBOX_HOSTNAME

Additionally, some attribute names are reserved for usage by [custom metadata providers][custom-metadata].
These can be safely used by external providers on a platform not supported by coreos-metadata:

  - custom
    - Attributes
      - COREOS_CUSTOM_HOSTNAME
      - COREOS_CUSTOM_PUBLIC_IPV4
      - COREOS_CUSTOM_PRIVATE_IPV4
      - COREOS_CUSTOM_PUBLIC_IPV6
      - COREOS_CUSTOM_PRIVATE_IPV6

[ignition]: https://github.com/coreos/ignition
[custom-metadata]: https://github.com/coreos/container-linux-config-transpiler/blob/v0.8.0/doc/dynamic-data.md#custom-metadata-providers
