docs/usage/attributes.md, before:

# Metadata attributes

Afterburn can consume cloud-specific metadata and serialize instance attributes into an environment file (e.g. `/run/metadata/afterburn`), which can then be consumed by systemd service units via `EnvironmentFile=`.
Cloud providers with supported metadata endpoints and their respective attributes are listed below.

* aliyun
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_EIPV4
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_IMAGE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_INSTANCE_TYPE
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_IPV4_PRIVATE
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_IPV4_PUBLIC
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_REGION_ID
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_VPC_ID
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_ZONE_ID
* aws
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_PUBLIC_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_IPV4_LOCAL
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_IPV4_PUBLIC
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_INSTANCE_TYPE
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_REGION
* azure
  - AFTERBURN_AZURE_IPV4_DYNAMIC
  - AFTERBURN_AZURE_IPV4_VIRTUAL
  - AFTERBURN_AZURE_VMSIZE
* cloudstack-configdrive
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_SERVICE_OFFERING
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_CLOUD_IDENTIFIER
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_VM_ID
* cloudstack-metadata
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_CLOUD_IDENTIFIER
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_IPV4_LOCAL
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_IPV4_PUBLIC
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_PUBLIC_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_SERVICE_OFFERING
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_VM_ID
* digitalocean
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV4_ANCHOR_0
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV4_PUBLIC_0
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV4_PRIVATE_0
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV6_PUBLIC_0
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV6_PRIVATE_0
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_REGION
* exoscale
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_CLOUD_IDENTIFIER
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_LOCAL_IPV4
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_PUBLIC_IPV4
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_PUBLIC_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_SERVICE_OFFERING
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_VM_ID
* gcp
  - AFTERBURN_GCP_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_GCP_IP_EXTERNAL_0
  - AFTERBURN_GCP_IP_LOCAL_0
  - AFTERBURN_GCP_MACHINE_TYPE
* ibmcloud
  - AFTERBURN_IBMCLOUD_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_IBMCLOUD_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
* ibmcloud-classic
  - AFTERBURN_IBMCLOUD_CLASSIC_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_IBMCLOUD_CLASSIC_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
* openstack
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_IPV4_LOCAL
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_IPV4_PUBLIC
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_INSTANCE_TYPE
* openstack-metadata
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_IPV4_LOCAL
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_IPV4_PUBLIC
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_INSTANCE_TYPE
* packet
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_PLAN
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_IPV4_PUBLIC_0
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_IPV4_PUBLIC_GATEWAY_0
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_IPV4_PRIVATE_0
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_IPV4_PRIVATE_GATEWAY_0
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_IPV6_PUBLIC_0
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_IPV6_PUBLIC_GATEWAY_0
* vultr
  - AFTERBURN_VULTR_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_VULTR_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_VULTR_REGION_CODE

Additionally, some attribute names are reserved for custom metadata providers.
These can be safely used by external providers on platforms not supported by Afterburn:

* custom
  - AFTERBURN_CUSTOM_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_CUSTOM_PUBLIC_IPV4
  - AFTERBURN_CUSTOM_PRIVATE_IPV4
  - AFTERBURN_CUSTOM_PUBLIC_IPV6
  - AFTERBURN_CUSTOM_PRIVATE_IPV6

Please note that the legacy `coreos-metadata` binary used to provide [somewhat different][cl-legacy] attributes.

[cl-legacy]: ./legacy-attributes.md

Commit message:

docs: clarify afterburn.service enablement
This led to some confusion yesterday in
https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/626.

We should also have FCOS-specific docs for this, but let's put something
here as well since that's the current recommended upstream stance.

docs/usage/attributes.md, after:

# Metadata attributes

Afterburn can consume cloud-specific metadata and serialize instance attributes into an environment file (e.g. `/run/metadata/afterburn`), which can then be consumed by systemd service units via `EnvironmentFile=`.

Usually, OS vendors which ship Afterburn do not enable it by default. Therefore, any service
which wants to make use of Afterburn metadata must explicitly pull it in using e.g.
`Requires=afterburn.service` and `After=afterburn.service`.

Cloud providers with supported metadata endpoints and their respective attributes are listed below.

* aliyun
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_EIPV4
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_IMAGE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_INSTANCE_TYPE
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_IPV4_PRIVATE
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_IPV4_PUBLIC
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_REGION_ID
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_VPC_ID
  - AFTERBURN_ALIYUN_ZONE_ID
* aws
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_PUBLIC_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_IPV4_LOCAL
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_IPV4_PUBLIC
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_INSTANCE_TYPE
  - AFTERBURN_AWS_REGION
* azure
  - AFTERBURN_AZURE_IPV4_DYNAMIC
  - AFTERBURN_AZURE_IPV4_VIRTUAL
  - AFTERBURN_AZURE_VMSIZE
* cloudstack-configdrive
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_SERVICE_OFFERING
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_CLOUD_IDENTIFIER
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_VM_ID
* cloudstack-metadata
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_CLOUD_IDENTIFIER
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_IPV4_LOCAL
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_IPV4_PUBLIC
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_PUBLIC_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_SERVICE_OFFERING
  - AFTERBURN_CLOUDSTACK_VM_ID
* digitalocean
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV4_ANCHOR_0
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV4_PUBLIC_0
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV4_PRIVATE_0
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV6_PUBLIC_0
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_IPV6_PRIVATE_0
  - AFTERBURN_DIGITALOCEAN_REGION
* exoscale
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_AVAILABILITY_ZONE
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_CLOUD_IDENTIFIER
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_LOCAL_IPV4
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_PUBLIC_IPV4
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_PUBLIC_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_SERVICE_OFFERING
  - AFTERBURN_EXOSCALE_VM_ID
* gcp
  - AFTERBURN_GCP_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_GCP_IP_EXTERNAL_0
  - AFTERBURN_GCP_IP_LOCAL_0
  - AFTERBURN_GCP_MACHINE_TYPE
* ibmcloud
  - AFTERBURN_IBMCLOUD_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_IBMCLOUD_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
* ibmcloud-classic
  - AFTERBURN_IBMCLOUD_CLASSIC_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_IBMCLOUD_CLASSIC_LOCAL_HOSTNAME
* openstack
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_IPV4_LOCAL
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_IPV4_PUBLIC
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_INSTANCE_TYPE
* openstack-metadata
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_IPV4_LOCAL
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_IPV4_PUBLIC
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_OPENSTACK_INSTANCE_TYPE
* packet
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_PLAN
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_IPV4_PUBLIC_0
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_IPV4_PUBLIC_GATEWAY_0
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_IPV4_PRIVATE_0
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_IPV4_PRIVATE_GATEWAY_0
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_IPV6_PUBLIC_0
  - AFTERBURN_PACKET_IPV6_PUBLIC_GATEWAY_0
* vultr
  - AFTERBURN_VULTR_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_VULTR_INSTANCE_ID
  - AFTERBURN_VULTR_REGION_CODE

Additionally, some attribute names are reserved for custom metadata providers.
These can be safely used by external providers on platforms not supported by Afterburn:

* custom
  - AFTERBURN_CUSTOM_HOSTNAME
  - AFTERBURN_CUSTOM_PUBLIC_IPV4
  - AFTERBURN_CUSTOM_PRIVATE_IPV4
  - AFTERBURN_CUSTOM_PUBLIC_IPV6
  - AFTERBURN_CUSTOM_PRIVATE_IPV6

Please note that the legacy `coreos-metadata` binary used to provide [somewhat different][cl-legacy] attributes.

[cl-legacy]: ./legacy-attributes.md
